
Big cool parts for presontation.
    error page on register stops the server from crashing if the required fields fail.

lookup:
    favicon ✅
    sessionStorage: 
        opens the door to so much, need to spend more time learning this 
        you could have your name next to comments 
    starwars color theme on adobe

extra strech goals:
    cryptic password.

Remake Better: 
    DELETE: delete comment by using index number.
        tried and failed, come back to it.

ERROR: 
    login error page has style but register error does not. ✅
        i believe its because the app crashes on register error but not on login error.✅
Office hours: 
    how can i stop error before app crashes so i can run error page and send back to register.✅
    How can i use dom manipulation in ejs and backend
        how can i grab user data from routes/document and use it in JS.
            do i need to refactor to html.


April 12✅
    setup file structure for everything   ✅
    setup connection server and movies main page ✅


April 13 ✅
    setup main file structure for TvShows ✅
    setup main route for TvShows ✅
    Make simple seed data for tvShows ✅
    make simple model for tvShows ✅
    send tvShows json data to tvShows main read route ✅
    send tvShows json data to ejs and render img and name ✅
    link dropdown btns to available pages no filter yet ✅
   
April 14 ✅
    setup main files and route for games. ✅
    link all dropdown buttons to assigned pages. ✅
    add grid layout for all pages. ✅
    add cool star wars type font. Maybe: Bebas Neue ✅

April 15 ✅
    Optional: refactor routes to use /: for main pages.
    make id route to select single movie. ✅
        rendered id data
        ERROR: renders data but then server crashes and cannot refresh
        CAST ERROR: Cast to ObjectId failed for value "style.css" (type string) at path "_id" for model "Movie"
        it seams as if my style.css is being passed into movie.id, weird.
        i can res.json the data, so its a "front-end" issue
    make id route for tv-Shows. ✅
    make id route for games. ✅
    render links on single movie page. ✅
    render links on single tv-show page. ✅
    render links on single game page. ✅

April 16
    SICK
April 17
    SICK

April 18
    display comments into movies/tv-shows/games pages using for loop or foreach. ✅
    above comments, make input textarea to add comments. ✅
    make functioning submit button for comments ✅
        bigger than i thought.
        NOT the same as creating a new object/document because im just creating a new value inside an array 
        inside of that object/data so do i need to movie.comments.create() 
        OR Movie.update(id: id, {comments: new Comment})
        fix needing to refresh page after adding comment, ✅
            answer: refind data .then res.render again

April 19
    fix bug:
        everytime you refresh the page another comment is pushed to comments.
    add comments and create functionality to tv-show and game. ✅
    delete route for comments. ✅

April 20
    add delete route on tv-show and game. ✅
    make all links open in new tab, target="_blank" ✅
    syle links to right side. ✅
    add like button functionality ✅

April 21
    fix refresh bug for likes. ✅
    add all styling from movies to tv-shows and game. ✅
    add likes system to tv-shows and game. ✅ commited
    fix all refresh errors, comment/delete with redirect ✅ commited
    make route for profile page and controller. ✅
    make profile.ejs ✅ commited
    research filter options, rendering in certaint order on screen. ✅
    add filter by most likes. ✅ commited
    add filter option to tv-shows and games. ✅ commited

April 22

    make user model username required  ✅
    make register form which is just creating a user like we did with todos, ✅ commited
    login form grab username from ejs with req.body.namesomething ✅
    use that name to query the right user {username: req.body.name} ✅
    render data to the profile page. ✅ commited
    add all user model keys into register form. ✅
     setup profile container with placeholder img, name, info. ✅
    add password ✅
    on register error run failed to register page and login. ✅

April 23
    fix register error page. ✅
    style error pages add "go back" or "try again" buttons. ✅
    take login and register buttons out of dropdown. ✅
    setup favicon. ✅

April 24

    add favorite movies into selected user ✅
    delete fav movie ✅
    learned a lot about session storage ✅


April 25
    fix delete route. ✅



April 26
    style profile page ✅
    add favorite tv-shows to selected user ✅
    add favorite games to selected user ✅

April 27
    have a too watch movie list ✅
    make add too watch list button on movie ✅
    display to watch list ✅
    remove movie from watch list. ✅
    add tvshow and game to watch list. ✅
    have delete ✅
    make readme.md ✅
        Include User Stories ✅
        Include wireframes that you designed during the planning process ✅
    coded for 18 hours today 😂 🥲 ✅
      
      
      


April 28
    Deploy on heroku.
    update readme.md Have a link to your hosted working app.
    make turnswitch for needing to type username to delete and look at watch list.









    have watched movie list



    fix refresh error.
    fix needing to login after each favorite movie added. 
    local season storage on browser, json web token express-season 
    express-flash to be able to flash loggin error message
    logout button






  "dotenv": "^16.0.0",

    "express-flash": "^0.0.2",
    "express-session": "^1.17.2",



        "passport": "^0.5.2",
    "passport-local": "^1.0.0"